She stood calmly, confidently, hands clenched. Her mechanical hand twitched, uncertain what to do with the myriad of nerve impulses going through it.

Suzie Drakes glared at the laughing man sitting in front of her, the kid who had managed to steal her heart.

Josiah McIntyre grinned, "What's the matter, Susan?"

She ground her teeth, "Suzie."

The young genius shrugged and stood up, "So what? Why you mad at me?"

"You know why!" She screamed angrily, "You are an asshole with a capital 'a'!"

Josiah shrugged, "I tried to fix everything."

"You tried to rule it all." She glared, "I stopped you."

"And others died." Josiah smiled his boyish smile at her, "How many died to help you out? When you stuck around willingly?"

Suzie screamed, sweat pouring off her as she sat up violently, gasping for breath.

Get a grip, girl.

She rubbed her face tiredly and collapsed backwards onto the bed, breathing out a tired sigh.

"Susan?" Came a timid voice, and she winced, "What mum?"

Her mother looked down at her from the doorway, cautiously, "You were yelling again."

She shrugged and rolled over, facing away, "It doesn't matter."

---

Suzie walked stiffly, crutches under her arms as she moved through the lobby of the building slowly. She smiled weakly as she passed the receptionist, who pressed a button to open the elevator doors.

She leaned back against the railing in the small box, fighting her heart.

She could barely remember being able to sit in such a tight space, ever.

But there was something of a hard edge to her now, and she fell into it. Welcomed the darkness inside her, so she could feel nothing. Be free.

The doors slid open with a 'ping' and she stumbled out and into the hallway, following familiar pathways down into a room.

She smiled warmly as she entered, collapsing onto a nearby seat. The room was covered in random cables and computer chips, a technological haven, a place where she could thrive in peace. 

She'd lost her arm as a child, and then built herself a replacement. It was the main computer chip inside that arm that had nearly allowed Josiah McIntyre to destroy everything in the world. As it was, a four-minute power outage had covered most of Europe, and the entirety of the United States.

She wondered where exactly ASIO was holding him, or if they had decided he was too much risk and eliminated him.

She also found herself wondering why it mattered so much.

He'd kidnapped her, stole her heart, betrayed her trust and nearly forced her to kill him.

She smiled weakly and looked down at her ankle, at the mess of bandages.

Suzie yawned and flicked a wrist, "Hey, dimwit, I'm home!"

There was a jerk from under a table and a small machine rolled into view, an arm attached to a pair of caterpillar wheels, "Hello, Suzie. How may I assist you?"

She frowned, "Well, dimwit, I think the nerve damage in my ankle has taken as much a toll as I'm willing to let it."

"I do not understand, Suzie." The mechanical voice intoned and she smiled, "Just the way I like it, dimwit."

"I do not understand, Suzie."

She smiled, she'd intentional kept it stupid. The Quantum Neuron Network she'd invented could have caused the world to end. Not exactly a pleasant thought for someone who was only sixteen years old.

"Bring me the components I was working on yesterday, dimwit." She said happily, and the machine trundled off, returning with a small prosthesis.

It was similar to her arm, looking almost entirely like a piece of human anatomy, but more like an ankle. It was designed to wrap around her ankle, cancel out the nerve damage, relieving her pain, and taking over their function, allowing her to walk normally.

That being said… It didn't work at all.

Her last prosthesis, her arm, was powered by a Quantum Neuron Network, allowing it to predict what movement she would do next, giving her flawless control.

She couldn't risk that again, and she intended to downgrade her arm… But she hadn't solved the riddle of how to give herself that control.

Walking with the ankle exoskeleton right now… Was more painful than the nerve damage. It always lagged behind her, causing her to scream when her foot dragged instead of walked.

"Dimwit, how does the brain and a limb communicate effectively?" Suzie muttered, and the machine responded predictably, "Accessing search engine. Please wait. Data found… Many modern prosthetics work by reading the impulses generated by peripheral nerves."

Suzie sighed and blew her hair, "Mine are fried. Great."

"Do you wish me to order fried chicken or fish?" Dimwit responded and she glared, "I didn't command you, dimwit. Ignore comments without "dimwit" in the sentence, remember, dimwit?"

The machine acknowledged her and she shook her head, was her programming getting worse?

She frowned, "I need to develop neural interfacing… With data corruption crap to interpret the broken signals in my head…" She bit her lip, thinking, and then smiled, and snapped open a panel on the ankle prosthetic, viewing a small computer screen.

She tapped it twice, and the touchscreen became active, and her fingers flew across the touch-keyboard.

---

A man she didn't recognise walked in the door, and she frowned, "Really?"

The man grinned, straightening his tie, "I am Andrew Alistair. I've been designated as your supervisor. Now, as I understand it, you are having trouble recovering from a major incident, correct?"

Suzie rolled her eyes and tapped her ankle, at the apparent bulge in her skin and stood up slowly, "Not anymore."

He blinked, "Fantastic. What exactly have you done?"

"Exoskeleton device." She smiled softly, "And no more QNNs. They're all gone."

Alistair nodded, "Excellent. I had worried. Not exactly a technology we should encourage."

Suzie shrugged and smiled softly, "No. So… What's up, now?"

He smiled softly, "Usually, you would be assigned to a senator as a bodyguard, however… You aren't being approved for a short while. Combat, mental, strategy testing. All that stuff."

Suzie rubbed her face, and paused.

She'd seen something reflected in dimwit's silver arm.

She leapt forward, flattening Alistair to the floor, spinning with one leg extended, hoping that her centre of gravity would hold her still.

A bullet grazed the ground in front of her, flattening against the ground, and then she sprinted forward, and flung herself through the glass, breaking it with her robotic arm and flinging herself towards the only window that a shot at that angle could have come from.

Then wincing as her mental calculations told her that there was no way in hell she could jump that gap across the road.

That was a bloody mistake.

She whipped the gun from her side, the gun she had to go through hell to be allowed to carry, and she fired three shots at the window in quick succession, and then she hit the road, rolling.

She flipped onto her back and grabbed the axle of the truck that should have hit her, pulling herself off the ground as it skidded to a stop.

She flipped out onto the road and looked across to the window, and smiled weakly as she saw a man half-hanging out of the window.

He wasn't dead, not yet.

She flexed her ankle, feeling it strengthening and then she used it to jump, flying up to the edge of the window sill, and yanked herself in, kicking the man onto his back.

"Who the hell are you? And why did you aim at me?"

The man gasped, staring at her, "You… You aren't… Allowed a gun…"

"Sorry. Got a license to carry, now." Suzie said harshly, "Now… Who are you?"

The man passed out.

She sighed heavily and dug through his pockets, finding a wallet. "Huh. Fired McIntyre employee."

She shrugged and glanced over to the ASIO building, at Alistair who was standing at the window, watching her.

Someone actually tried to kill me, not someone I'm protecting. That's new.
